Hi everyone! This is the solution to exercise 31 where you are asked to show why there is an error
in the code and how to fix it.
And so this is the code. We have a function which is quite clear and it doesn't have any errors but
we're getting an error in line 6 which is this line in here.
Error is a type error. That's the type of the error.. A type error means that you using the wrong object type to
to do something.
Something here is you have to look after the colon for more detail.
So it says unsupported operand type for minus.
So this operator doesn't support an operation between some types and then you need to see for more explanation
after the colon.
These are the types that a minus subtraction operator cannot support.
So you cannot subtract a function type with an integer type. An integer is a number.
And what a function is you know, this foo that I'm using here you can check it. Print type foo. So foo here,
foo there and see what we get.
If you execute this you'll see that this is a function type.
But if you replace that with the function call,
you'll see that that's that's an integer.
So the function call is an integer, but the function itself,
so the function blueprint is a function object.
So the integer here would be like
one plus two equals to three.
So this is equal to 3.
That's why the type is an integer.
Therefore the solution here is you need to call the function. Execute and you don't get any error.
You may want to print out X now.
So feel free to do that.
But this is the solution.
So thanks and talk to you later.